[Music]
Dear elders and fellow students, through
a karmic connection, when the
congregation sits down, they may not yet know how to
arrange the tables and chairs properly and
respectfully. Here, I would like to remind you
young people, and also remind you, dear
Buddhist followers, that elegance in life—elegance, that
refined manner. Now, I'll let
everyone observe and see.
Elegance doesn't lie in the clothes one wears or doesn't wear.
Elegance isn't about whether a person
is rich or poor.
Many people possess an
elegant and refined demeanor, and they will eventually
reach higher positions.
Where does this elegance come from?
Perhaps in a previous life we ​​weren't
elegant or refined, but through the karmic connection of
learning how to be elegant and refined, we
will gradually become
elegant and refined. An elegant and refined person is someone who knows
how to dress neatly and tidily, even if poor.
That person naturally radiates elegance.  It gives
a sense of elegance and
nobility if people know how to live neatly and
tidily, right? Can this be cultivated
at home? Keeping
belongings, clothes, blankets, and other items
neatly organized is a form of self-cultivation that helps
us transform our karma. Neatness and tidiness
go hand in hand with
nobility, and this habit will benefit
us wherever we go.
Anything that is not neat and tidy, we will
immediately notice it, see it as an
eyesore, and make it
neat. This will make us more
respected by others,
right? If young people do this, they will
be valued. It's an
easy meritorious deed, but few are willing to do it.
Sometimes they think, "Why should I
serve
others?" and so they don't
do it. But in reality, that's a great loss, a
very great loss, right? For example,
young people know that things aren't neat and
straight, and they do
n't want to sit down or participate.
Then they say, "I beg you, ladies and gentlemen..."  Let your child arrange the
chairs, or you can arrange them yourself.
That's due to your keen observation skills, and
keen observation must stem from your own practice of
neatness and orderliness. You get used to it,
understand? Only then can you achieve
that. Even if you live in a thatched hut,
when people look at you, they'll see you as someone trustworthy. Whether
you're doing business or
not,
they'll trust you. That trust
arises immediately when
they interact with you, right?
If you're messy and disorganized, no matter how
talented you are,
people will
lose interest immediately. Do you agree, dear friends? They
don't know how talented you are,
but if your workspace
is messy, with clothes scattered everywhere, they wo
n't trust you.
But when people come in and
see that
your workspace is tidy and everything is in order,
they'll trust you immediately, right?
That's a nine out of ten points. Talent only
gets you one point, a ten out of ten. That's right from the
first moment of meeting.  People
believe in neatness and orderliness,
and more importantly,
this neatness and orderliness—Yen only said that from
past lives to this life,
people have a very sharp look in their faces. It's
not that
beauty lasts forever, but
people only consider the beauty of the face. Because
our beauty
fades with age. Birth, sickness, and death. But the
beauty of the elderly
is also due to their blessings, and those
blessings are
neatness, orderliness, and thoughtfulness. Because those who are
thoughtful know how to serve, and it is this
service that creates beauty. As
for the noble look, even
ugly people can
create a noble look for themselves, meaning they
cultivate that kind of look in this life.
And another part is
the dignified look that
makes others feel
intimidated, not dare to harm or
disrespect them, or anything like that—that's what
neatness is.  Being neat and tidy is
n't about putting on makeup,
ladies, do you understand? It means that when
people look at you, they feel
embarrassed and don't dare say anything that's
too bad or unpleasant. Or
they've already thought something, and when they
see you, they think ten things. They'd think ten insults, but then they'd
only manage five. It's
because of your good karma,
right? That's why being neat,
tidy, and knowing how to serve
others properly and respectfully is important.
For example, when you go home, you just set the table for a meal.
The old saying goes, "Eat from the pot,
sit in the right direction." Knowing how to be a
considerate person makes you well-
liked by many, right? So you
have to learn everything. It's not about being careless or irresponsible; you
have to
learn everything, but all that learning
benefits you, not
anyone else. Yen will tell you about a real-life example:
Mai, who works in the information department, is
truly very neat and tidy.
From the moment she started working there...  Yen is very
impressive because when she finishes work, as
soon as she takes off her shirt, she folds it neatly and
tidily, putting the shirt in its place and the
bag in its place. She's very organized and
tidy. She doesn't
have any expertise or management skills, but
Yen assigns tasks and teaches her. That
neatness and attention to detail makes
her learn very quickly and gives her the authority to
command others.
You see? Now she's a
leader of the whole team, doing a lot of work, and
she knows how to delegate and organize. When
she doesn't know something, Yen just needs to guide her
a little, and she'll learn and
organize her work very well. She has a
lot of work, and this comes from her
neatness, organization, and knowing how to arrange everything.
She even
writes things down on paper, marking this and that, so when she needs it, she
just
takes it out. This is what brings her good
fortune. Yen isn't saying you have to follow
Yen, but you can work anywhere if you do the
same.  The blessing
is that people will promote you to a management position, so being
neat and tidy brings
blessings. With
blessings, a person will become
elegant, refined, quick-witted,
intelligent, and their reputation
will improve wherever they go, right? So,
when you go to the temple, if you see
something, you have to be
quick. That is, observe quickly, if you see something that's
not right, you have to fix it right away. At
home, it's the same with your parents; keep your house tidy. You're
not doing it for your
parents, you're doing it for yourself. You'll be rewarded. Even if your
roommates in
university leave things messy, it's
okay; just help them clean up and keep things tidy, understood? We receive blessings,
but if we don't know about
Buddhism, we'll complain, "Oh, this girl,
that girl is lazy," and spread rumors. But if
we know about Buddhism, it's merit,
it's gold. If you don't know about
Buddhism, I won't say anything, just do it. Don't
complain, "Why are you so messy?" It's okay, if it
seems bland, just tidy up.  I do this
because I know it's beneficial
for me, understand? Gradually, you
'll all become neat and tidy, right?
Instead of constantly making mistakes and causing trouble,
understand? Then your friends will be offended, and
that's already
bad. In this 40-year period,
I've been giving alms like this. I've
already received blessings, and they
will leave a lasting impression. In
this life, there will be times when things are
n't going smoothly for me, and they will help me, and
others will help me too. Is
n't that beneficial? So, giving alms doesn't
disappear; it only generates blessings.
Wherever I go, whether as a daughter-in-law, son-in-law,
guest, or employee,
this kind of behavior brings
immense benefits. Understand? It's very
beneficial! So, from this matter of
arranging tables and chairs, I'm sharing this
with you all. The elderly
teach their children and grandchildren, and the young
practice it and later teach their children and grandchildren. It's all
good, and it's about being neat and
tidy.  People tend to pay attention,
so they naturally become dignified.
That is, from walking, standing, and
sitting, they naturally become dignified.
But those who don't pay attention will be careless,
messy, and unkempt.
Because if they are dignified and proper,
their posture will also be neat and proper.
Dignity can change a person a lot,
right in this lifetime, right
in the present, not something that changes in the
next life. When you
pay attention like that, you will often
realize your own lack of manners, and because you
realize it, you can correct it, right? Because
if you are not tidy,
not neat, and careless, you
will become ill-mannered. Therefore, having
manners requires self-cultivation, not something that comes
naturally. You have to
cultivate yourself. As young people, you should come first and leave
later, understand? Come to serve,
then clean up. That means we should be
conscious of this everywhere. And when we are busy with
something, we should politely ask permission, saying, "
I have something to do today."  We'd like to ask
permission to leave now, uncles,
aunts, and grandparents, please help us out, okay? That is, if we
don't say that, we'll naturally feel
guilty. Because we are careful people, and because of
that guilt, we will say it, and that very
thing we say will make us feel dignified.
Therefore, a person who understands others' intentions will be
happy. Knowing others' intentions means others will understand our
intentions. Because we understand others' intentions, we
will respect them, and because of that merit,
others will respect us in return. I wish you all,
especially the young people, that you
will incorporate this idea
into your
[music] classes
for young people.